Instruct devs about symlink (#53)
Laravel-Backpack/basset: readme.md

php artisan basset:install
```

> #### Storage Symlink
> The installation command will create the storage symlink in your system and it will also add the command to `composer.json` file, which will most probably make it work on your development/staging/production servers. If that's not the case, make sure you create the links manually wherever you need them, with the command `php artisan storage:link`.
> 
> #### Disk
> By default Basset relies on the public disk, you may change it if you want to, but if you stick to the defaults, make sure your disk is properly setup on `config/filsystems.php`, make sure it [looks like the default one](https://github.com/laravel/laravel/blob/10.x/config/filesystems.php#L39-L45).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Storage Symlink
Basset uses the `public` disk to store cached assets in a directory that is publicly-accesible. So it needs you to run `php artisan storage:link` to create the symlink. The installation command will create ask to run that, and to add that command to your `composer.json`. That will most likely make it work on your development/staging/production servers. If that's not the case, make sure you create the links manually wherever you need them, with the command `php artisan storage:link`.

#### Disk
By default Basset uses the `public` disk. If you're having trouble with the assets not showing up on page, you might have an old Laravel configuration for it. Please make sure your disk is properly setup on `config/filsystems.php` - it should look like [the default one](https://github.com/laravel/laravel/blob/10.x/config/filesystems.php#L39-L45).
```
